7z.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
actionlint.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
age.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
algernon.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
alist.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
anew-rs.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
anew.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
arch.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
b3sum.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
base32.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
base64.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
basename.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
basenc.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
bat.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
batcat.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
bin2video.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64, for MS Windows, 7 sections
botsay.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
brook.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
brook_windows_amd64.exe:     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64, for MS Windows, 8 sections
brutespray.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
busybox-unicode.exe:         PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
busybox.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
cat.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
certstream.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64, for MS Windows, 8 sections
cfspeed.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
cfspeedtest.exe:             PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
cheat.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
cksum.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
cloudflared.exe:             PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
comm.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
coreutils-rs.exe:            PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
coreutils.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
cp.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
croc.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
csplit.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
curl.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
cut.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
cutlines.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
date.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dbbench.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
dd.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
ddns-go.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
deprun.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
df.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dir.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dircolors.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dirname.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
du.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dua.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dufs.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
dust.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
echo.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
eget.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
ein.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
env.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
err.exe:                     PE32 executable (console) Intel 80386 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
expand.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
expr.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
factor.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
false.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
fastfetch.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
ffmpeg.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 13 sections
ffplay.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 13 sections
ffprobe.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 13 sections
find-rs.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
find.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
flashfetch.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
fmt.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
fold.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
gdu.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
geodns.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
geoping.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
gix.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
hashsum.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
hcloud.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
head.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
hostname.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
hyperfine.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
inscope.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
iperf3.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 10 sections
join.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
jq.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
jwt-cracker.exe:             PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
legba.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
link.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
ln.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
localxpose.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
loclx.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
logstation.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
ls.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
micro.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
miniooni-windows-amd64.exe:  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
miniooni.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
miniserve.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64, for MS Windows, 3 sections
mkdir.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
mktemp.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
monolith.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
more.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
mv.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
ngrok.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 9 sections
nl.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
nproc.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
numfmt.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
od.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
ooniprobe-windows-amd64.exe: PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
ooniprobe.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
openssh.zip:                 Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, compression method=store
pandoc.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 9 sections
paste.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
pdfcpu.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
pdfdetach.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdffonts.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdfimages.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdfinfo.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdftopng.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdftoppm.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdftops.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pdftotext.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
pgrok.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
pgrokd.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
picocrypt-gui.exe:           PE32+ executable (GUI) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
pingmole.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
pingtunnel.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
pr.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
printenv.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
printf.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
ptx.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
pwd.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
quotes-escaper.exe:          PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
readlink.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
realpath.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
rg.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
rm.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
rmdir.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
scp.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
seq.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
sftp-server.exe:             PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
shell2http.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
shred.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
shuf.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
sing-box.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
sish.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
sleep.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
smartdns-rs.exe:             PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
smartdns.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64, for MS Windows, 5 sections
sort.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
split.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
ssh-add.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh-agent.exe:               PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh-keygen.exe:              PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh-keyscan.exe:             PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh-pkcs11-helper.exe:       PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh-shellhost.exe:           PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh-sk-helper.exe:           PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
ssh.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
sshd.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 7 sections
stP1kAlM:                    empty
step.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
stiG2Kb7:                    empty
stunner.exe:                 PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
sum.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
sync.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
tac.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
taierspeed-cli.exe:          PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
tail.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
tee.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
test.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
touch.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
tr.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
true.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
truncate.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
trurl.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
tsort.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
tssh.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 6 sections
tusd.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
uname.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
unexpand.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
uniq.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
unlink.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
upx.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 3 sections
vdir.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
wc.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
wget2.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 3 sections
whoami.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
wldd.exe:                    PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
xargs-rs.exe:                PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
xargs.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
yes.exe:                     PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 5 sections
yq.exe:                      PE32+ executable (console) x86-64, for MS Windows, 8 sections
yt-dlp.exe:                  PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 11 sections
zfind.exe:                   PE32+ executable (console) x86-64 (stripped to external PDB), for MS Windows, 8 sections
